talk beyond beauty
they go here now on mission
It's the time the selection is
I think it's fine.
what is the action plan of the detro that now we get the car and we are going to
to see
that's when they were born from a birth
Teacher, I really do not care
without pac
to introduce here different henrique
he moves now he is able to lucas there the police a spy access to
pedro poli 15
21 5 km year
vanessa explains wedge
Our mission here is very easy. It has nothing to worry about.
are ideas explains schmitt gulf
get here
eight rockets
one of the many who called, telling us to kill the way that everything works
and the goal sending the kill off is offensive to have to kill the time that I think
this was in 5
the francis
Tell us who we are
so I went to peek
on the neighborhood
banked
bench of the square and exit of the Russian club beginning to face said naím by
facing so in the building yesterday
and we can choose people can kill the team yesterday just before
regardless of the choice that way will not change much a bit
only goes up river with the dialogues for example in the front
along the two speak evil greater than that to al
when he talks a little over an hour later
then you will not have that dialogue either.
there is a lot of difference
I give full preference at the end of the game
the daguest and the queue
death the guy over there
missed
the guy remembers
end of the game is also the same
whether you choose revenge or
What is the other is to spread Hellen if they commit
revenge oh
so first
you killed ruud emídio and the pivot of an available first
and in the second final I will be
kill
the devil and after me
so now that ended up ex-phoenix pick up games and six on the island
the hollow structure
for that made sit scratching the bag
he took a slap in ceremony the day the city and club got this
goal
and if it is badly formed by 2 to 2 and can kill bertin
offenses with the current crop bank
So it's a good attack and Felix's bag.
I do not like parading
eye to eye to eye to eye to eye
now it's just
the people
if the rikinha der
in the fifth a lindberg that analogic pragmatic after knowing
that we can climb
rmg connect understand sizes and in the table a pt led due to due
and now it's personal the exit of sarney
It will only tell you that
each state of health
Lets laugh
to tui feeling craft selection
but in this matter someone here
so talk